SCIENCE ARTICLES AND AUTHOR RIGHTS
During my university years 2014-2019, I had the great opportunity to communicate and collaborate with so many doctors of science that in my
 third-fourth year I completed my Ph.D. I was about 20-21 years old. As for me, it was quite a long to wait 6-7 years more to get a PhD.

1. Some problems of optimization in the configuration space of spherical objects.
2. Использование параллельных вычислений в задачах упаковки шаровых объектов в контейнер с применением пакета IPOPT 
для решения задач нелинейной оптимизации. 
3. On problems of optimizations in the configuration of spherical objects with variable radius. 15th ESICUP Meeting. Zoetermeer, Netherlands, 05.18
4. О некоторых задачах оптимизации в конфигурационном пространстве сферических объектов. ММОТI. Кишинев.
5. Использование параллельных вычислений в задачах упаковки шаровых объектов в контейнер с применением пакета IPOPT для решения задач оптимизации.
6. Third order spline interpolation algorithms. Akima’s splines interpolation with (3 points to use). Schema of Zeilema (5 points based algorithm). 
7. “Simple things to combine in more complex one” – alg. to propose, implement.
8. Моделирование информационной системы автоматизирующей составление индивидуальных планов. 
9. О некоторых подходах к распараллеливанию вычислений в генетических алгоритмах.
10. Automation, Control and Intelligent Systems: genetic algorithm to use in optimization methods applied to packing.
11. Scopus: Numerical results of variable radii method in the unequal circles packing problem.
12. Publications in locals: articles related to computer sciences and applied math etc.
13. Participated in discovering new direction in math area applicable to combinations and space configurations in cooperation with Dr.
 of Science in Applied Mathematics.
14. I was worked on discovering some processes in fields related to physical math and the transport equation.
15. Dnieper city, 2018 or 2019. Balancing-packaging and packaging with prohibited-zones of simple objects.